frustrated that the salon was nearly
bankrupt the salon owner ended up doing
it this way
to attract more customers sukyong a
salon owner
is in big trouble because the salon is
very empty of customers
and is on the verge of bankruptcy her
cousin hannah
then told her to make an innovation so
that the salon does not go bankrupt
the problem widened when the owner of
the salon building came to sukyon
to collect her debts and sukyon asked
again for time to pay off her debt
meanwhile on the other hand because of
the difficulty of getting a job
hannah applied in many places but none
of the companies wanted to accept her
finally she decided to cooperate to run
her cousin's salon business hannah has
an idea to revive her cousin's salon
again
but it seems in an unusual way the next
day hannah came to the salon wearing
clothes that were quite tight and sexy
sukyong is a little confused about what
her cousin is going to do
until finally a man comes to the salon
in the evening and hannah definitely
welcomes the first customer of their
salon
sukyong who was confused could only be
silent to see what her cousin was going
to do
and suddenly hannah took off her shirt
then continued to give her customers
special service after the special
service is given
the customer seems very satisfied with
the service provided by hannah
he pays handsomely for the service given
by hannah sukyong is thrilled because
her cousin's idea seems to be working
since adding plus plus service at
sukyong salon the salon's revenue has
continued to increase
until finally sukyon wants to learn to
serve customers the next day sukyong
wears sexy clothes to the salon
then a man named minho arrives who will
be sukyong's first customer
minho who has finished getting service
from sukyon is surprised
when he is given a bill for the service
he received earlier
however because he was satisfied he
ended up paying all the bills
increasingly the male customers of
sukyon salon are getting more and more
crowded
so that this makes sukyong salon able to
rise from adversity
they also now have a regular customer
min ho who always comes to get service
from sukyon
the salon success surely has an impact
on the financial condition of hannah and
sukyong
where now hannah can buy an expensive
apartment and sukyon herself is now able
to pay off all her debts to the salon
owner
however the success of their salon was
unlikely to last long
because one day a young man came to
their salon to get a treatment since he
was the last customer of the day
hannah and sukyon gave him a special
service
unfortunately after the service was
given the man did not want to pay all
the bills
because the amount of the bill was quite
expensive
in addition the man reasoned that he did
not ask the two of them for service
but he just wanted to come to get a
regular treatment
hannah and sukyong were made angry by
the man the two of them then ganged up
on the man
until the man ran away from their salon
the next day
the man came back to the salon and it
was clear that hannah and sukyon
responded badly to the man's arrival
however after the man said that he had
reported the illegal practice of their
salon to the police
the two of them immediately became nice
to the man
unfortunately it did not change the
man's decision to imprison the two of
them
then came the police who received a
report from the man
hannah and sukyon were finally arrested
on charges of molesting the man
as well as carrying out illegal
practices in their salon
and that's the end of the synopsis of
this film entitled beauty salon special
services
from this film a lesson can be drawn
that taking shortcuts to achieve success
must have a bad end
because everything that is executed in a
bad way will also end badly
thank you for watching this video don't
forget to like share
and follow or subscribe to this channel
to continue to get synopsis and other
film recommendations